# Trust Management

## About Trusts

Registered organizations can establish trusts with 3rd party
organizations. If your organization trusts another organization, you can
grant access to your App Store Connect data sources to groups in the
external organization.

For example, if your organization trusts Intelligent Plant, you can
grant the Intelligent Plant Support Team access to your App Store
Connect data sources to assist with troubleshooting, or to allow us to
help you find additional value in your data through our apps. Likewise,
you can create trusts to other 3rd parties who you have contracted to
perform analysis of your data.

All trusts are one-way. That is, if you choose to trust Organization X,
this does not automatically mean that Organization X trusts your
organization (and vice versa).

## Trusts Overview

To view the trusts overview page for your organization, click on the
link at the bottom of the organization portal:

![Trusts overview](/general/orgs/admin/trusts/trusts-overview-1.png)

**By default, trusts are disabled in both directions:**

![Initial trusts
status](/general/orgs/admin/trusts/trusts-overview-2.png)

**Important:** Before making any changes to the organization trusts,
please review the information on the trusts overview page to ensure that
you fully understand it. If you have any queries regarding trusts,
please do not hesitate to [contact Intelligent
Plant](http://www.intelligentplant.com/contact.html).

## Outgoing Trusts

Outgoing trusts are the 3rd party organizations that are trusted by your
organization.

### Enabling Outgoing Trusts

To enable outgoing trusts, click on the *Allow \<Your Organization
Name\> to trust 3rd party organizations* link:

![Outgoing trusts
enabled](/general/orgs/admin/trusts/trusts-overview-3.png)

### Disabling Outgoing Trusts

To disable outgoing trusts, click on the *Do not allow \<Your
Organization Name\> to trust any 3rd party organizations* link.

### Configuring Outgoing Trusts

To configure outgoing trusts, click on the *View and manage the 3rd
party organizations trusted by \<Your Organization Name\>* link. This
process is covered in more detail
[here](/general/organization_user_and_data_management/trust_management/outgoing).

## Incoming Trusts

Incoming trusts are the 3rd party organizations that trust your
organization.

### Enabling Incoming Trusts

To enable incoming trusts, click on the *Allow 3rd party organizations
to trust \<Your Organization Name\>* link:

![incoming trusts
enabled](/general/orgs/admin/trusts/trusts-overview-4.png)

### Disabling Incoming Trusts

To disable incoming trusts, click on the *Do not allow any 3rd party
organizations to trust \<Your Organization Name\>* link

### Managing Incoming Trust Requests

To manage the status of incoming trusts, click on the *View and manage
the 3rd party organizations that trust \<Your Organization Name\>* link.
This process is covered in more detail
[here](/general/organization_user_and_data_management/trust_management/incoming).
